Game description

Possible Names

Alien Genocide Protocol
Alien Homicide Party
Alien Massacre Protocol
Alien Slaughter Party

AGP(2)
AHP(1)
AMP(0)
ASP(0)

Steam header

WARNING Level 5 Containment Breach detected.
You have 60 minutes to evacuate before the onsite nuclear reactor is activated.
Anyone lacking proper identification are to be left for dead.
Lethal force is authorized against any and all alien lifeform.

Left for dead in an Alien Breeding/Research Facility on the moon,
you and your fellow test subjects must shoot and slash through the hordes of alien creatures infesting every room from floor to celling.
Grab the nearest lethal weapon and whatever items you find and escape before the whole facility is nuked


//But be quick, you only have 152 minutes to teleport back to earth before the whole facility is nuked

3:28AM - 6:00AM

CABE
Center for Alien Breeding and Expirimentaion

CADE
Center for Alienistic and extra Demensional Enteties

Was established in 1926 with contributions from several countries such as Britan, Canada, Germany, Italy, Mexico, USA, USSR etc.
The initial purpose was to be an all inclusive luxery resort for intelligent alien life from local galaxies.
The facility opperated until 1941 when temporarily closing due to rising tensions from WWII
The facility reopened in 1945 and ran smoothly until 1968 when a resort guest was gunned down while eating a resort employee in the food court.
This provoked another guest to brandish weapons of their own and gun down 3 employees before getting mutilated by nearby a waiter with steak knife.
This further escalated to a large scale altercation between the guests and staff resulting in the death 45 staff members and roughly 300 guests
The facility was shut down April 22nd 1968 until reopening again in 1974 when various world governments reported increased sightings of invasive alien speices.
The facility was transformed into a Alien research facility in 1974 with the intent of finding practical uses for otherworldly speices
Upon sucessfully finding alien blood and other alien material to be useful in medical, agricultural, and arcitechtural fields, the facilty
slowly transformed overtime to house the ever increasing amount of alien creatures needed for the advance of human society



placeholder music

floor 1 - no more heros theme
crystal teardrops
all you are going to want to do is get back there
Opus 13?
true lab undertale

Floor1 - Minimum Security
Floor2 - Financing department
Floor3 - Dissection Bay
Floor5 - Maximum Security

Floor2B - Plant Dome
Floor3B - Food Court
Floor3B - Arctic Containment
Floor4 - Weapons Testing

Floor Final - Classified


Difficulties
Defcon 1 - 
Defcon 2 - Reloading and unjamming guns is no longer automatic and requires button press, new enemies
Defcon 3 - Melee weapons break much faster, new enemies, all previous defcons